OVERVIEW:

One popular story goes with the protagonist getting sucked into kinds of virtual worlds, often times computer video games.
This one gets sucked into a math textbook.
The protagonist has to make his way through chapters(analogous to cities) in a pokemon style game.
He has his own life alright(analogous to mental strength remaining),with beds throughout the game to recover.
(possible feature: can buy chocolates(Or other motivaitng objects) to heal during battle.)
The protagonist fights various problems/problem masters in each chapter(city) and does the learning in some other specific buildings. 




STORY: (Story telling will be Visual Novel Style)


Protag's father is a popular scientist, protag is though, not very good at studies.
The game starts with mid-term exams being declared. Protag is disappointed, just passes, bottom of class,
people back talk about protag being stupid despite being son of popular scientist.
Protag trash talks himself as well.
Goes home, father does not reprimand, says he thinks it's time and hands over bunch of books to protag, tells him that he studied from those books in his time and that protag should try them out too.
(Father might mention that protag shoud start with one of the books which is a lot thinner than the rest)
Protag thinks the heck hes already got a whole lot of books he can't understand and throws the book on study table in room and dozes off.
Next morning, protag is in a little better mood and is a little curious. Opens book mentioned by father and reads heading on first page. Gets sucked into the book.
Darkness...
"....What happened?..."
[Noticeable Drastic graphic change here: Graphics till now were VN style. This changes into 16 bit-ish retro style pixel art.]
Protag talks to wise old man who says something along the lines:
"Welcome brave student, you have chosen or have been chosen to make you way through the trials of [book name(highschool algebra)]. 
You might want to know how you are supposed to get back to your world, and I assure you I am sorry to tell you that the only way to do that
is to reach the end of the trials of [] and get the exit pass. Before you ask, I will tell you that time in this world is a 1000 times slower than in the other world, so you don't have to worry about that. There'd come many that'd help you as well as obstruct you in your journey brave student. I wish you luck."


ending:
Protag would come out of the book, and it'd be the same morning, where barely 2-3 minutes would have passed. He would go down to find his dad looking at him all smug and with an all knowing smile at the breakfast table. He'd look with a weirdish face at his dad just as he'd be leaving for school while standing at the door and will say "Thanks Dad".
The End.


3 types of NPC will exist throughout the game:

1) Friendly people with the ideology (not explicitly stated) that education should be free to all, and that everyone has equal right to it.
These are the people that would teach Protag throughout the journey and help him complete the TB. They will also give all the tutorials throughout the game. They will have their own buildings in most towns.
(They represent the TB content and example problems)


2) Neutral people, town dweller type, shopkeepers maybe. (No specific purpose yet.)

3) People with ideology ( not explicitly stated in game again) that only the elite few should have the privellege of education. These NPCs will aim to hinder protag throughout the game. These are the people who protag will have to defeat in order to move from one town to the next. (the gym leaders and monsters.) They'd guard passage between towns and will only let the protag through once he gets the permission from the specific towns authority. (ie by defeating them. Or proving his learnings)
(They represent the excersise portion at the back of the book; and maybe also a mock exam at the end of book.)

(Something about completing the textbook to escape, [Protag might as a side-effect, end up becoming top of class student from being a deliquent or an average student]).





GAMEPLAY:

Fights with problems involve draining the opponent problems life to zero ( Life corresponding to progress through the question).
Each problem will be broken into a number of steps(say 4) At each step you will be given 4 options, On what the next step in solving the problem should be. If you choose correctly, the monster's life would decrease according to the number of steps (25% with 4 parts. [Damage  = (100/No.ofparts)*Total Health])
Wrong answer will deal damage to the player, and the player would be given the option to choose from the remaining 3 options.
Players, on encounter with a problem, will be able to choose between solve and run to study(or something like that) [similar to how pokemon has fight, run etc.]

Learning part: (Uncertain; subject to change)
The learning might be done with the actual pages of the textbook provided by type one NPCs.
The page would contain all the essential information plus links to sites like Khanacademy and purple math for additional reference.
This would be reinforced in practice (analogous to solving example problem) battles with NPC type 1 that don't deal much damage but teach in a friendly manner unlike NPC type 3.


Gameplay idea:
1) For some graph related math problems (like finding the x or y intercept) we can have say, a special ground with holes representing integer coordinates and 2 axes painted on the ground. 
The protag will have to solve the problem and go to right spot to do something. (Like stab a pole down that hole or something) if he's wrong he gets a shock out of that hole or something. This he does to open doors from one room to the other.

2) For vectors: Kick some object into a hole. You will have to calculate the vector, amount of force and direction(angle) to get the object into some hole. This would be done in order to open some doors

3) Co-ordinate geometry/vectors: enter the co-ordinates of some objects to shoot them, maybe sensors with a laser to open the doors, multiple objects in some time limit.

4) Trig/Vectors: Number 3, but with reflecting surface, so do some math to be able to hit the sensor at the right(no not 90 degree right) angle. 


Design Questions:

1) What should problems look like? Should they be the problem themselves or a person? An Examiner or something else? Popular mathematicians maybe?

