Game starts,
menu stuff,

Flashbackish cloudish border visible on screen.
A Kid, 1st-2nd grade, with wooden pencil like sword, standing bravely, with a smug smile, in front of 4 identical same as kid size monsters with + - / * signs on their heads respectively.
Grade school kid says something along the lines:
Bring it on, I got ya monsters...!

Scene cuts, into game mode, this is the tutorial.
Text bubbles explain game and UI, You have to answer questions, by choosing the correct answer or 
typing it in as per question. Each question is a monster in its own that you have to defeat.
4 questions, one after the other, are shown. (wrong answers are ignored and player is allowed to retry until he gets it right.)
Questions are each corresponding to the 4 earlier shown monster(+ - * /) Like 3+4=_, 5-2=_, 7*0=_, 9/3=_.
Scenes cuts to story mode again, earlier scene with monsters, next frame shows all monsters dead and beaten up in some fashion. Kid says something along the lines: piece of cake.

Flashback ends.
Player POV with bad marks on paper can be seen(mark sheet says midterms on top). (40/100) Dialogue: It was all pretty easy back then. Protag holding his head with both hands, brooding over the report.
dia: Compared to back then, the mosters now are insanely strong, player thinks of monsters on mid-term.
A gas cloudish monster with a fire monstser are shown with protag looking helpless. Monsters belong to basic ideal gas eqs and basic thermodynamics as hinted by the artwork (for instance formulas on head of monster etc PV = nRT)
Back to marksheet(or not?) Protag murmurs: How did it all turn out this way.
Protag with hand of heads shown from in the front, people talking in the background can be heard. Things
like how somepeople got great scores and how the midterms were easy.
Protag closeup from below, protag talks about how he can't let this happen and that he has to do something about it. He cheers up and decided to score high in the final exams.
Scene fades out.

Scene fades out. Protag room scene:
Can see a study table in front, a chair and a table lamp(lit). Window in  front of table, outside dark(night).A bed can be seen to the right.
Bottom right corner of screen, button says "Sleep". Only interactable item on screen.

Morning:
Same scene as before, lamp off, blue color out of the window can be seen(or something like that). The room is, compared to night, well lit with natural light.

Scene auto-fades out, School scene.
(some stuff here maybe)
Blackboard(green) can be seen. (covers 80% of screen, starting from top, leaving bottom 20% for dialogue)
Bell rings.
Protag says: Alright let's do it.
Teacher appears (left screen) (something like ellen baker?) 
Teacher says something along the lines: Congratulations to everyone who did well on the mid-terms, students who couldn't perform upto their satisfaction, don't give up! You can try again in the finals!
Teacher continues: Alright! So let's do some math today!

[EXAMPLE START, Parabola Monster] (edit: probably better to do circle monsters first)
Teacher: 
Today we will look at the Parabolas. (Heading on board appears, Parabola)
"Parabola monsters are very quick vicious creatures, so given their name because they move on a parabola." (draws parabola and coordinate axis on board[Also a parabola monster in chalk on board(top-right)])
"A parabola is a U shaped curve which satisfies the condition that any point on it is equidistant from a point, called focus and a line called directix" (draws focus and directix)
"If we take the focus to be any point (a,b) and the directix a line parallen to the x-axis y= k then we can find an equation for it in terms of x and y." (draws the respective)
"This power of being able to predict the monsters path is very useful in intercepting and defeating it"
Derives equation of parabola for directix parallel to One of the axis.
"I should mention here that the directix can also be a slope such that y=kx instead of a constant, but we ignore such advanced monsters for this class."
(Example problem. [maybe])
" I hope you all can make these monsters beat the dust now on! "

[EXAMPLE ENDS] 
